Fix/pmftxyt orientation (#615)
glotzerlab/freud: ChangeLog.md

### Fixed
* Histogram bin locations are computed in a more numerically stable way.
* Improved error handling of Cubatic input parameters.

> * PMFT's are now properly normalized such that the pair correlation function tends to unity for an ideal ga.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PMFTs are now properly normalized such that the pair correlation function tends to unity for an ideal gas.
```

Author: Lol thanks.
